# Homework Assignments and Gitlab CI

GitLab integrates a system which can be used to build and test the contents of a repository after it is pushed as part of a process called _Continuous Integration_. Euler's GitLab instance provides access to a build server which is able to handle very short builds such as the compile commands used in the homework for this course. If you should choose to do so, you can make use of this GitLab CI service to help verify that your repository will build when it comes time for grading.

### How to use CI in your Homework Repo

As each homework is released, the file [`.gitlab-ci.yml`](https://github.com/nicolsen/ME759-2020/blob/master/.gitlab-ci.yml) in the [ME759-2020](https://github.com/nicolsen/ME759-2020) repository will be updated with the commands necessary to build that week's assignment. **All you need to do is copy the file** to the root folder of your repository. After that point, whenever you push to your homework repo, Euler's build server will automatically clone a copy and build your homework.

### How to check CI results

The latest CI builds and their results are displayed at `https://euler.wacc.wisc.edu/username/me759-repo/pipelines`. 
- Visiting that page in a web browser (while connected to the UW Network) will let you see the status of your build. 
- Clicking on the status icon for any pipeline will show you a breakdown of the builds for that particular push. 
- You can click on any build to see the output generated by it (errors will most likely be at the bottom). 


### Things To Remember

- The latest build is the current status of your repository.
- Just because your code builds doesn't mean it is correct. Euler's GitLab instance does not check for the correctness of your homework.
- If you edit the file `.gitlab-ci.yml`, it is _your responsibility_. The provided version is made by your instructors for your benefit.
- By default, GitLab builds _all_ of the homework directories in your repo. Your instructors will only build the current homework for grading.
- Euler's GitLab instance sends emails for failed builds by default, but you shouldn't rely on this behavior. Be sure to visit your repository webpage to check for errors.



